Hello and welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, we’ll show you how to get started with using Knox Guard. Let’s begin.
Knox Guard is a cloud-based service that lets you protect your devices,
enterprise assets, and payment plans from fraud and theft.
With Knox Guard, you can remotely manage, message, and, if necessary,
lock Samsung devices to reduce your organization's financial risk,
prevent the grey market sales of devices, and recover overdue subscriber payments.
Before you can use Knox Guard, you’ll need the following:
You must have a Samsung Knox account.
If you do not already have one, please visit Samsungknox.com, then click GET STARTED to register.
You’ll need a Samsung device running a supported Knox version.
Depending on your device model, this version may differ.
To see which devices are supported, as well as their required Knox versions,
please go to Samsungknox.com, then select Solutions,
then Knox devices.
On the next page, select Knox Guard to view the list of supported devices.
And finally, you’ll need to be granted access to the Knox Guard service.
This service is disabled by default.
To apply for access, log into the Knox Admin Portal and enable the Knox Guard service.
A local Samsung administrator will review your request,
approve your application, and configure your Knox Guard service.
Once this is done, you can log back into the Knox Admin Portal to launch the Knox Guard console.
To use Knox Guard, you’ll need a license.
First-time users can generate a Knox Guard trial license to begin using the service.
A trial license lets you test Knox Guard features for up to 3 months,
and enroll up to 30 devices.
However, after you enroll your devices into the service,
you’ll be able to use Knox Guard for up to 3 years, from the date of enrollment.
This means each device can enjoy a full three-year usage from its enrollment date,
regardless of the license expiry date.
To get a trial license, start by going to the Licenses page, then click GET A LICENSE.
In the dialogue, click GENERATE A TRIAL LICENCE
Once a license is generated, you can enroll your devices.
To enroll devices into Knox Guard, they must first be uploaded to your console.
There are several ways to get devices uploaded to your console:
Through a Samsung approved reseller, or by manually uploading them with a CSV file.
We'll start with showing you how to allow resellers to upload devices.
First, you’ll need to obtain their Knox Reseller ID.
Once you have that, go to the Resellers page, then click REGISTER RESELLER.
On the next page, enter the reseller ID then click LOOK UP,
then if that matches your reseller information, click REGISTER.
Once you’ve registered the reseller in your Knox Guard console, provide them with your Knox Customer ID
so that they can upload devices directly to your account. You can find your Customer ID on the Reseller page.
To manage reseller preferences, click the reseller name.
Here you can select whether you want to auto-approve all devices uploaded by this reseller,
and whether you want to automatically lock all newly uploaded devices.
If you prefer to manually add devices to Knox Guard instead of using a reseller, go to the Devices page,
then click ACTIONS > Manage devices > Upload devices.
Then on the next page, select your CSV file and click CONFIRM.
Now that your devices are added to the Knox Guard console, they are ready for enrollment.
Simply turn on a new or factory-reset device,
then the devices will enroll into Knox Guard after they complete their setup.
Back on the console, you can go to the Dashboard page to see your enrollment status.
Devices that were successfully enrolled show as Active.
Devices that have been uploaded, but not successfully enrolled
will show up as Activating in the In progress tile.
Policies define how your devices behave in the event of fraud, theft, or mis-use.
As previously mentioned, when you first apply for access to Knox Guard,
a local Samsung administrator reviews your application.
During this time, the Samsung administrator
sets up your Knox Guard service as either a Normal account type,
or as a Pay-As-You-Go account type.
Depending on your account type, the policy options differ slightly.
Let’s take a closer look at some of the key Knox Guard policies.
We’ll mainly focus on the Normal account type in this video.
In the Device Lock section, you’ll see two options: LOCK SCREEN and OFFLINE LOCK.
For PAYG account types, you’ll see PAY-AS-YOU-GO LOCK SCREEN.
Let’s create a LOCK SCREEN policy.
In the Message field, enter the text that you want to display on the screen after you lock a device.
While the device is locked, you can choose whether you want devices to block incoming calls,
or allow calls from specific numbers.
In the CUSTOMER SUPPORT OPTIONS, you can provide a phone number or email
for customers to contact when their devices are locked.
If you want display an app on the device lock screen (for example a payment app)
you can add the app here after uploading it to Knox Guard.
We’ll show you how to upload an app to Knox Guard in the Advanced Controls section of this video.
And finally, in the Primary support option field,
you can add a quick link to either a Phone number or an Application on the main screen when the device is locked.
If you select None, the users will still be able to contact you or use the app after tapping the support button.
After you configure your Lock screen settings, click SAVE.
Let’s take a quick look at the OFFLINE LOCK policy.
OFFLINE LOCK puts your devices into lock mode
if they don’t connect to a Wi-Fi or mobile network for a certain length of time.
To use OFFLINE LOCK, you’ll need to specify the number of days the device can remain offline,
after which the device will enter lock mode.
Provide a warning message to send to the user before device lock occurs,
then provide a message to display to users after their devices get locked.
Just like with the LOCK SCREEN policy, you can block calls, display an app,
and specify the primary support option when configuring OFFLINE LOCK.
Let’s now look at the ADVANCED CONTROLS options for Policies,
Specifically SIM CONTROL and APPLICATION INSTALLATION.
These options are the same for both Normal and PAYG account types.
In SIM CONTROL, you can specify what happens when your users insert
unauthorized SIM cards into your devices.
To create a SIM CONTROL policy, click the add button,
then give your SIM CONROL policy a name.
Then enter a Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network code for the SIM cards that you want authorize.
Then for any unauthorized SIM cards, you can prevent actions like
making outgoing calls or receiving incoming calls on the device.
If you want, you can also lock the device entirely once an unauthorized SIM card is inserted.
If you select Lock device, you’ll apply the same LOCK SCREEN policy that you set earlier.
Configure your SIM CONTROL policy then click SAVE to return to the Policies page.
Switching over to the APPLICATION INSTALLATION page, this is where you upload an APK file
for the app you want to display on the Lock screen (for example, a payment app).
Click UPLOAD to add your APK file, then click SAVE.
In the confirmation dialogue, click CONFIRM to add the application.
Then head back to the LOCK SCREEN policy page, go to Advanced support methods,
and select Make an application available.
Click the IMPORT button, then on the dialogue, click OK.
The application name and package name will auto-populate.
Click SAVE to return to the Policies page.
The application that you just uploaded will now be available on the lock screen.
The next policies we’ll quickly look at will be the MESSAGING policies.
These are NOTIFICATIONS and BLINKING REMINDERS.
For PAYG account types,these are NOTIFICATIONS and RELOCK REMINDER
With Notifications, you can configure up to 10 custom messages to send to users.
Users will receive these messages regardless of whether their devices are locked or unlocked.
If you want to have users call you back after receiving the message,
you can also provide an optional phone number to go along with the notifications.
Similar to the Notifications, the Blinking reminder policy
sends a single message to users periodically, until you cancel the policy.
You can set the reminder frequency (in seconds, minutes, or hours),
and limit the reminders to only display during certain times in the day.
Now that we’ve set several key policies, let’s look at how we can actually put them into use.
All policies get deployed from the Devices page.
Select one or more devices, then click the ACTIONS menu button.
Then under Manage policy, select the policy that you want to deploy.
Let’s try locking the screen.
Select Lock device(s) to deploy the Lock screen policy.
Review the policy details, then click LOCK.
The user’s device screen will lock,
and they will be shown the lock screen message that you set up earlier.
Users can tap the support button to display all lock screen options.
From here, users can make a call, send an email, use the provided application,
or enter a PIN number to unlock their device.
If you previously set a primary support option, a button will appear on the main lock screen.
In our example, we set a phone number as our primary option.
Here we can see a call button on the main screen after we lock our device.
Back on the console, you can unlock the devices in one of two ways.
The first way is to unlock from the ACTIONS menu.
After you select one or more devices, click ACTIONS > Manage policy > Unlock device(s).
In the next page, enter an optional unlock message, then the devices will unlock.
The second way is to unlock the device through a PIN method.
This method requires a unique passkey number that is displayed on the lock screen.
Once the user provides you with the number,
enter it by clicking the PIN button in the STATUS column.
After you enter the passkey and confirm that you want to unlock, click CONTINUE.
You’ll then be given a new PIN number.
Provide this PIN number to the user and ask them to enter it on the lock screen.
Once they enter this PIN, their device will unlock.
Let's now quickly take a look at pushing a Notification.
Select one or more devices, then click ACTIONS > Manage policy > Send notifications.
On the next page, select one of the custom messages that you want to push, then click SEND.
To push the Blinking reminder,
follow a similar procedure, click ACTIONS > Manage Policy > Start blinking reminder.
On the next page, make any changes to the reminder settings if you wish, then click START.
The device will send repeated reminders until you stop them.
To stop the reminders, select Stop blinking reminder, then click CONFIRM.
Let’s now quickly demonstrate how users can launch an app from the lock screen.
To do this, let’s lock the device from the console.
On the device, users can tap the Support button, then tap the application button to launch the app.
If you set an application as the primary support option, then the app will also appear on the main lock screen.
The last thing we’ll demonstrate is the SIM Control policy.
On the Devices page, select the devices, click ACTIONS > Manage policies > Enable SIM control.
On the next page, review your SIM control settings and click CONFIRM.
On the device itself, if users swap out the SIM card, they will be restricted or locked out,
based on how you configured the policy.
To remove the policy, select Disable SIM control.
This concludes our walkthrough of Knox Guard.
To learn more, please visit our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
For customers looking to integrate Knox Guard into an existing solution,
we also provide a powerful Knox Guard API.
You can learn more about this API through our developer documentation page,
which can also be found at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!